Cobbler with buildiso (#2425)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/autoinst-intro.adoc

[NOTE]
====
{suse} only supports {cobbler} functions that are available in the {productname} {webui}, or through the {productname} API.

> The only Cobbler supported command line command is [command]``buildiso``.

Author: ```suggestion
The sole command-line command supported by Cobbler is [command]``buildiso``.
```
Thanks, Joseph!
